- [Instructor] A key contributor
to successful team collaboration with Git
is understanding the structure of your team
and each team member's role within the team.
Teams come in all shapes and sizes,
so it's important that your team
is ideally arranged for working with Git.
In terms of Git, individuals participating
on a software development team fall
into two primary, different roles.
The first of these roles
is a repository integrator or maintainer.
These individuals have commit access to the repository
and are responsible for managing pull requests
made by contributors.
Contributors do not have direct commit access
to the repository but are able to clone the repository
and make commits to their own public copy.
Once finished with a feature, they will request
that an integrator or maintainer
pull the most recent changes
into the central repository via a pull request.
Git is meant for teams of all sizes.
However, the size and arrangement
of a team will change how you work with the tool.
Teams can be as simple as having one team member
working on a small project or as complex
as having a large, open-source community contributing
to a large platform.
In the middle, you'll find
more traditional development teams
that follow the seven plus or minus two rule.
Depending on the size of your team,
you'll need to adjust your approach to Git
and how your team is composed.
Let's talk a little bit more about team structure.
For teams of one or two, it's pretty simple.
Every member of the team or the lone member
of the team will act as a maintainer.
They will enjoy full read and write access
to the repository.
For normal-sized development teams,
you'll most likely have at least two,
but ideally three, integrators or maintainers
that will merge contributions from contributors.
These individuals are often the most senior members
of the team and are responsible for performing a review
of the contributing code prior to its merging.
The remaining team members will act as contributors
without direct commit access to the repository.
For large software development teams such
as massive open-source projects,
for the large community of contributors,
there will be many integrators with commit permissions.
Often these integrators will be assigned
to specific repositories for subprojects
within an overarching project.
Contributors will feed their changes
to these integrators based upon pull requests.
Additionally, in some communities, a benevolent dictator
acts as a second-level approving authority
merging contributions from the integrators
for lieutenant repositories.
This dictatorship model isn't frequently used
but it does manage some large projects
such as the Linux Project.
When working in teams, it is a great practice
to document expectations for maintainers and integrators
within a repository.
These repositories define workflows and make codes
of conduct available to everyone working on the project.
Let's take a look at the Zend Framework,
which contains some excellent documentation
for how to work in the community.
So here we are within the maintainers' repository
for the Zend Framework on GitHub.
This repository provides a wealth of information
for anyone looking to work on the Zend Framework.
If we scroll down and look at the README file,
you'll see that it's specifically
for maintainers and contributors, so those folks
that are going to be working on the code.
Within the repository, you actually find a template
that shows how to set up a new repository
if you're adding to the Framework.
If we scroll up, you'll see
that there is actually a contributors' guide,
which provides instructions for those
without commit access to the repository.
It provides an overview of the coding standards,
shows where to go to get in contact with other team members
on the Zend Frameworks, such as the forums in chat.
And it also goes into the code of conduct for the team.
So the code of conduct really governs
how the team will interact, and collaborate,
and sets up some boundaries so that team members know how
to treat each other.
If we return back to the main repository,
you'll see that there's also a section specifically
for the maintainers.
This provides instructions for those with commit access.
It will govern the Framework's branching strategy
and their workflow.
So it provides instructions for the maintainers
that will be taking the contributors' code changes
and pulling them into the Framework.
I highly recommend you take some time to look
at the Zend Framework maintainers' repository.
It's a great example of how your team should provide
information about working on the code base.